README.md, before:

# quipper/actions-runner [![build](https://github.com/quipper/actions-runner/actions/workflows/build.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/quipper/actions-runner/actions/workflows/build.yaml)

This is a container image of [actions/runner](https://github.com/actions/runner) for RunnerScaleSets.

## Purpose

We extend the official image of actions/runner to solve the following issues:

- It does not provide a multi-architectures image.
  We need to run a job on both amd64 and arm64 nodes ([#56720](https://github.com/orgs/community/discussions/56720))
- It does not provide an image including dockerd.
  We would like to run both in same container for the resource efficiency in Kubernetes node

As well as we add some packages for our workflows.
We'd like to keep the image small as possible.
DO NOT add any package unless we really need it.

For long-term maintainability and security,

- Align with the upstream image
- Less image size as possible
- Less logic as possible

## Release

When a new version of actions/runner is released,

1. Renovate creates a pull request
2. GitHub Actions automatically regenerates the Dockerfile from [upstream](https://github.com/actions/runner/blob/main/images/Dockerfile)
3. We will merge it and then [create a new release](https://github.com/quipper/actions-runner/releases)

Here is the versioning policy.

- Use same version as the upstream, such as `2.304.0`
- If we have added a change, increment the patch version. For example, if the upstream is `2.304.0`, we will create `2.304.1`

## Contributions

This is an open source project.
Feel free to open issues and pull requests for improving code and documents.

Commit message:

Change base image to Ubuntu 22.04 (#8)
* Change base image to Ubuntu 22.04

* Fix workflow

* Update README.md

* Revert comment deletion

README.md, after:

# quipper/actions-runner [![build](https://github.com/quipper/actions-runner/actions/workflows/build.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/quipper/actions-runner/actions/workflows/build.yaml)

This is a container image of [actions/runner](https://github.com/actions/runner) for RunnerScaleSets.

## Purpose

We extend the official image of actions/runner to solve the following issues:

- It does not provide a multi-architectures image.
  We need to run a job on both amd64 and arm64 nodes ([#56720](https://github.com/orgs/community/discussions/56720))
- It does not provide an image including dockerd.
  We would like to run both in same container for the resource efficiency in Kubernetes node
- It is based on Debian, but some actions depend on Ubuntu, such as [`ruby/setup-ruby`](https://github.com/ruby/setup-ruby#using-self-hosted-runners)

As well as we add some packages for our workflows.
We'd like to keep the image small as possible.
DO NOT add any package unless we really need it.

For long-term maintainability and security,

- Align with the upstream image
- Less image size as possible
- Less logic as possible

## Release

When a new version of actions/runner is released,

1. Renovate creates a pull request
2. We merge it
3. We [create a new release](https://github.com/quipper/actions-runner/releases)

Here is the versioning policy.

- Use same version as the upstream, such as `2.304.0`
- If we have added a change, increment the patch version. For example, if the upstream is `2.304.0`, we will create `2.304.1`

## Contributions

This is an open source project.
Feel free to open issues and pull requests for improving code and documents.
